
We would like to thank the referee, Nelson Padilla,  for the valueable and
constructive comments that have helped us to improve the quality of the paper. Below 
we answer in-line each of the referee's comments and refer to the part of the paper
where that we have updated  according to his comments. We also attach a new version of the paper 
where we highlight the changes we did on it. 



Referee Report 
Reviewer's Comments:

1. "When looking at figure 3, it is clear that the allowed range of
parameters is not wide enough to sample the full probability
distribution. Therefore, the mean and scatter of the parameters
obtained from the one-dimensional probabilities could be biased.  
To improve this the authors need to increase the range of allowed
parameters. This can have a strong impact on their conclusions, for
example the one with respect to the width of the mass range of LAE
hosts." 

ANSWER: Indeed, examining Figure 3. one clearly sees that the histogram for
M_min does not significantly decreases for lower masses. 
This might be a hint that lower values of M_min are consistent with
observations, as the referee points out.
M_min in turn constrains f_occ (also seen in Figure 3), while the
upper limit in M_max is driven by the physics of dark matter
clustering, i.e., there is an upper limit for halo masses in a fixed
cosmological volume.

The referee's request to increase the range of allowed parameters can
thus only be realized by going to lower values of M_min. 
In the paper we did not go to lower values of this parameter for two reasons. 

First, our lower limit of 10^9.7 Msun/h is at least 0.3dex below than all the
lower bound expectations from previous observational studies;
Bielby+2016 had a lower bound of 10^10.4 Msun/h, Gawiser+2007 had 10^10
Msun/h and Ouchi+2010 favors a lower limit of 10^{10} Msun/h.

Second, starting from that observational evidence we chose a 
publicly available cosmological simulation that a) had cosmological
parameters consistent with Planck observations, b) could provide a
realiable mass function below 10^{10} Msun/h and c) had total volume that
would allow us to build statistics with at least 10 independent
volumes. 
The only simulation with those characteristics is Bolshoi.
Performing the test suggested by the referee in a robust way is not
possible given this limitation for an appropriate cosmological
simulation. 

Given the importance of this point raised by the referee (which
strenghtens our case to explicitly take into account cosmic variance), 
we have included in the paper a summary of the reasons behind the
limitations in the parameters we use (Section 2.2).
We also mention explicitly this potential bias in the new Section 3.3
and sugggest in the conclusions as a next interesting step to
extend our results is the use of cosmological simulations with higher
resolution. 
 
We agree with the referee that it would be interesting to push the
technique into  lower masses the values of m_min, and quote this in
the conclusions as an interesting way to extend our results. 

2. "The choice of the occupation fraction focc as a fixed fraction for
a given halo to be occupied by an LAE means the mass function of
haloes is being scaled down (in most cases) by this factor. In this
sense, it is to be expected that as the minimum halo mass  allowed is
increased, this fraction will also increase in order to maintain a
fixed number of LAEs per field (more massive haloes  are less
abundant). This should be mentioned in the text."

ANSWER. This is now mentioned at the end of Section 3.1.

3. "Also because of the fixed focc, the median halo mass and halo mass
width could actually be calculated analytically, except that  the
authors are interested in cosmic variance, which they obtain from
different subvolumes in the simulation. Is this the reason  for the
large scatter seen in figure 4?" 

ANSWER. The main reason behind the scatter in Figure 4 is not cosmic
variance. What happens is that a given value of the median mass could
correspond in fact to different combinations of mmin and mmax, which
in turn would produce a different mass width. 
A secondary effect is the cosmic variance as the referee points out.


4. "In their chi2 analysis the authors are ignoring covariances. The
authors could comment on this choice (perhaps covariances are  not
expected to be strong at these angular separations?)" 

ANSWER:We do not include the full covariance matrix due to the practical
impossibility to estimate it in robust way either from observations or
simulations. Followint Zehavi et al. 2011, using the full error
covariance matrix, when not noise dominated, versus only diagonal
elements usually has a small effect on clustering analyses . 
We have included a new paragraph in section 2.4 clarifying this
decision.


Minor comments:

1. " Is the increase of the clustering amplitude with Delta(logM)
  expected from the steeper increase of the bias factor for larger
  halo masses?" 


ANSWER: We agree with the referee on this apreciation and comment on
it at the end of section 3.2. Our results are  however not 
conclusive because cosmic variance  still dominates and  make all the
models consistent within uncertainties as explained in the text. 
 

2. "The width of the distribution of Figure 5 is measured with 27 mock
  fields, but this does not really mean that a comparison to
  observations requires 27 observed fields."

ANSWER: We agree with the referee in this comment.  We actually
wanted  to mean that to be able to accurately measure the distribution
width, we need a number of fields of the order of 27 field or even a larger number. 


3. Please add units to the grey scales used in Figure 3, and y-axes labels to the one dimensional probability distributions.

ANSWER: The labels on the y-axis of Figure 3 have arbitrary
units, the key information are the vertical lines showing the 16-50-84
percentiles. The grey scale also has arbitrary units, the key
information are the levels marking the 1-2-3 sigma contours.  
We have clarified this point in the caption.

4. "In the introduction it is stated that previous works do not
elaborate on cosmic variance, but in general they do, to some degree
(for instance, Guaita et al., 2010)."

ANSWER: We apreciate the reference. We included a detailed comment
about  their attempt to estimate cosmic variance in the introduction.

5. "S2.1: is this equivalent width limit in rest-frame?"

ANSWER: Yes, we now explicity state that in the paper. 


6. "Last paragraph 2.3: rephrase first sentence "we note by the paper M"

ANSWER: Corrected.


